---
title: Past Lost Series
author: TornAngelFell 
date: 2022-02-16
categories: [Writing]
tags: [Thriller, Dark, Shibari]
---

Irene had only just turned seventeen when her father sold her to Silvanus Aloysius Orpheus. A man of power. Someone never to be messed with. Anyone who dared defy him met death, most often in a brutal way. His father had founded the small village she lived in, and his son had taken over when he died due to illness. He was quite young to be in charge, at the age of nineteen, but no one spoke against it due to their fear. Ever since, things had changed. For the worst. Life became much harder with all of the new laws in place, even the children as young as five or six being taught to follow them.

Irene would remember this day always. It was her worst nightmare brought to life. She had been just outside the house, tending to the flowers and herbs her mother had helped her plant the previous spring, before she too died from the same illness. Her father had been anxious all morning. Something that wasn't like him at all, as he was a strong and fearless man. No one dared mess with him either, save for Silvanus, who feared no one. When the young woman asked what was bothering him, her father simply shook his head and went back to staring ahead. Irene had as well and felt her heart stop when the head of the village came walking up to the house. The two men exchanged polite nods and greetings, before their guest spoke.

"I have come for my payment." His evil smirk sent chills down the woman's spine and his dark, cold eyes that now darted to her, smiled viciously as well at the look of fear she wore.

"Father, what payment does he speak of?" Irene asked slowly. She hadn't been aware he owed anything to anyone. Especially not to this man. He refused to meet her gaze. She couldn't help but notice the pained expression he wore. It hurt her to see that, as it was the same look he had worn when her mother passed away.

It was Silvanus who answered, facing her with crossed arms and his smirk turning into a victorious smile, flashing his gleaming teeth. "Your father has debt not yet paid. You are payment in exchange for this property."

Her blood ran cold and she was on her feet in a flash, heart pounding and slightly trembling in fear. She did her best to keep her voice from giving it away. "You lie!! Father, it's not true!" She looked to each in turn. Her father would never do anything like this. He would do anything to keep her safe, like he always promised her as a child. Selling her in exchange for the house and land would have been the absolute last thing the man would ever do.

Silvanus lowered his head and shut his eyes as he chuckled. Walking up to grab hold of her wrist he confirmed her fears, "I do not. Now come, we leave immediately."

Irene pulled against his grip and dug her bare feet into the ground. She wasn't being taken without a fight. Her head snapped back to her father, calling out in hopes he would save her. "Father, please!" There must be some mistake. Her father had never owed anything. The man lowered his head and turned away, going into the house and shutting the door. That just about broke the woman's heart. She now pulled harder against her captors grip. "Unhand me you monster!!"

He spun and gripped her upper arms so quickly, it was nearly inhuman. His face was mere inches from her's. "If that is what you wish to see, then so be it."

Irene felt tears coming but blinked them away and glared. "I dare you to try anything."

His cruel laughter nearly caused her to pass out. Silvanus threw her up and over his shoulder then, carrying her all the way back to his own house, where he then tossed her down roughly in his room and locked the door, leaving her there alone with a promise in mind.

"Don't even think of trying to escape." He gave her another, more terrifying smile. "I will teach you the true meaning of monster tonight."

Irene flew at the door and tried with all her might to get it open. She failed. The window behind her wasn't big, but it just might be big enough to get through if she really tried. She now ran to it and lifted it up slowly, grateful it made no noise. Propping it open, she carefully raised herself up and over the window sill, squeezing through the tiny window slowly, and fell to the ground in a heap with a small thud sounding as she did so. She took off into the woods behind the house without thinking twice, knowing she couldn't risk going back to her father, as that would sentence them both to death.

YOU'LL ALSO LIKE

Tiger, Tutor, Delivery Girl by Yeahyankee
Tiger, Tutor, Delivery Girl
671
87
Fear & Loathing meets Science Fiction. In this cyberpunk revenge series, Lyle is a college tutor living in one of Malibu's worst slums--until his sisters take out the...
ğ™¨ğ™¥ğ™–ğ™§ğ™ ğ™¨ ; ğ™¢ğ™–ğ™§ğ™  ğ™¨ğ™¡ğ™¤ğ™–ğ™£ by voidlessstiles
ğ™¨ğ™¥ğ™–ğ™§ğ™ ğ™¨ ; ğ™¢ğ™–ğ™§ğ™  ğ™¨ğ™¡ğ™¤ğ™–ğ™£
235K
6.3K
Â·Ëš â—Œà¼˜â‚ŠÂ· ÍŸÍê’°â³ ğ˜®ğ˜º ğ˜©ğ˜¦ğ˜¢ğ˜³ğ˜µ ğ˜ªğ˜´ ğ˜ºğ˜°ğ˜¶ğ˜³ğ˜´ ğ˜ªğ˜µ'ğ˜´ ğ˜ºğ˜°ğ˜¶ ğ˜µğ˜©ğ˜¢ğ˜µ ğ˜ ğ˜©ğ˜°ğ˜­ğ˜¥ ğ˜°ğ˜¯ ğ˜µğ˜° . . . . â•°â”€â”€â•® Ù€Ù€ÛÛÙ€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù¨Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€Ù€â¥Ù€Ù€ ğ˜•ğ˜¢ğ˜µğ˜¢ğ˜­ğ˜ªğ˜¦...
á€›á€¯á€•á€ºá€›á€¾á€„á€ºá€§á€€á€›á€¬á€‡á€ºá á€á€±á€œá€™á€ºá€¸á€›á€¾á€¬ á€…á€±á€·á€…á€•á€ºá€‘á€¬á€¸á€á€°á€œá€±á€¸ [ á€˜á€¬á€á€¬á€•á€¼á€”á€º ] by Dandelion_nini
á€›á€¯á€•á€ºá€›á€¾á€„á€ºá€§á€€á€›á€¬á€‡á€ºá á€á€±á€œá€™á€ºá€¸á€›á€¾á€¬ á€…á€±á€·á€…á€•á€ºá€‘á€¬á€¸á€á€°á€œá€±á€¸ [ á€˜...
288K
75.9K
Title- Transmigrated into the film empreor's death-seeking finance (ç©¿æˆå½±å¸ä½œæ­»æœªå©šå¤«) author- Lin Ang Si (æ—ç›å¸) Status in coo- 191 chapters [ 98 extras] (completed) Heartwarming...
Blue  by blush_parker
Blue
1M
34.1K
Blue has been living in an orphanage as far back as she can remember, with the abuse, a continued cycle and feeling desperately alone. Her innocence and purity is incomp...
ğ˜™ğ˜¦ğ˜§ğ˜­ğ˜¦ğ˜¤ğ˜µğ˜ªğ˜°ğ˜¯ by KMUTHAFAWKINB
ğ˜™ğ˜¦ğ˜§ğ˜­ğ˜¦ğ˜¤ğ˜µğ˜ªğ˜°ğ˜¯
316K
12.5K
Ê·Ê°áµ‰â¿ â± Ë¡áµ’áµ’áµ â±â¿ áµ—Ê°áµ‰ áµâ±Ê³Ê³áµ’Ê³, Ê·Ê°áµƒáµ— áµˆáµ’ â± Ë¢áµ‰áµ‰? áµƒ Ê³áµ‰á¶ Ë¡áµ‰á¶œáµ—â±áµ’â¿ áµ’á¶  áµáµ‰. Ê·Ê°áµ‰â¿ â±áµ â±â¿ áµÊ¸ Ê³â±áµˆáµ‰ áµƒâ¿áµˆ â± Ë¡áµ’áµ’áµ áµ—áµ’ áµ—Ê°áµ‰ Ë¢â±áµˆáµ‰, áµƒ Ê³áµ‰á¶ Ë¡áµ‰á¶œáµ—â±áµ’â¿ áµ’á¶  áµáµ‰. Ê¸áµ’áµ˜ áµƒ Ê³áµ‰á¶ Ë¡áµ‰á¶œáµ—â±áµ’â¿ áµ’á¶  áµáµ‰, Ê¸áµ’áµ˜Ê³áµ‰ áµƒ Ê³áµ‰á¶ Ë¡áµ‰á¶œáµ—â±áµ’â¿ áµ’...
For His Pleasure by littlepumpkinz
For His Pleasure
18.3M
513K
&quot;How much for an hour?&quot; He dug through his wallet, eyes not meeting mine. I backed away from him, scared, &quot;I'm not a prostitute.&quot; &quot;Yes, you ar...
Green Eye(complete) by LahPhan-85
Green Eye(complete)
548K
78.9K
!á€¡á€™á€½á€”á€¹á€±á€á€¬á€· á€™á€„á€¹á€¸á€€ á€€á€¹á€¯á€­á€šá€¹á€¡á¿á€™á€²á€á€™á€¹á€¸ á€¡á€™á€½á€á€¹á€á€› á€á€­á€™á€¹á€¸á€‘á€¬á€¸á€á€ºá€„á€¹á€™á€­á€á€²á€· á€¡á€…á€­á€™á€¹á€¸á€±á€›á€¬á€„á€¹ á€±á€•á€ºá€¬á€¹á‚á‚Šá€„á€¹á€»á€á€„á€¹á€¸á€±á€œá€¸á€•á€«...! Oct.9.2021 !á€¡á€™á€¾á€”á€ºá€á€±á€¬á€· á€™á€„á€ºá€¸á€€ á€€...
The sun was high in the sky, signaling mid day by the time she stopped to catch her breath, hugging the tree she had fallen against and using it to hold herself up, legs shaking from exhaustion. She refused to let them give beneath her, knowing she had no choice but to keep moving in order to put as much distance as possible between her and the man she had heard so many horrible things about. Silvanus had originally lived in another town with his mother, who had never told Abraham Orpheus, that he was the father. She assumed he didn't want children, and that he had only used her. When the man found out (how, no one knew), he had them move into his home. Silvanus was only thirteen at the time, and a very dark boy even then.

The kids she used to play with had told Irene tale after tale of how he slaughtered the families pets in brutal ways. Hunting for pleasure only, and sometimes simply leaving the kill behind. Silvanus had been a bully as well, constantly picking on the younger children. There was one time a twelve year old boy, Samuel Cain Smith (one of the kindest boys you would ever meet), had returned home late one night, staggering and covered cuts and bruises as well as being extremely dirty. When questioned Samuel told that it had been Silvanus Orpheus. That he had gone into the woods and met the boy suddenly. When he made to leave Silvanus had chucked the rock in his hands and hit him in the head, then knocked him to the ground and began to beat him for no reason at all. He hadn't stopped until the poor boy was unconscious.

The stories only grew worse as Silvanus got older. Irene always wondered why his parents never did a thing. It got entirely out of hand after his mother died mysteriously, and rumors stating Silvanus was to blame spread through the village like wildfire. This time, Abraham defended his son and gradually put the rumor to rest. But that didn't stop the fresh rumors, which soon enough turned out to be very true. He used women in any way he wished starting from the age of sixteen, and when he was done, either tossed them out and refused another man to have them ever, or killed them in countless different ways. Irene had heard someone say he sent a young woman into the forest and had followed soon after with his bow and quiver of arrows. When he returned, it was without the woman...And he was laughing.

Irene wasn't about to be the next victim. That thought had her growling in anger as she pushed off the tree and continued on her way. There was a wide creek nearby. It was dangerous to cross, and few dared go near it, choosing instead to head down to the river it lead into where the water was calmest. But Irene knew of a place where she could leap from stone to stone and get across without wasting time to steal a boat and cross the wider body of water. It was less likely a place for her to go as well, and so she didn't risk getting caught by Silvanus or anyone else he might send after her.

The sound of rushing water soon met her ears and she picked up pace, happy when the creek met her eyes. She followed the opposite way the water ran and soon found the eight boulders she'd be crossing. The first was only about three feet from the edge, and she didn't waste time leaping onto the dry edge of it. The next was further away, and soaked by the gushing water that gave a deafening roar as it raced down at a tremendous speed. This was going to be harder than she thought, Irene realized as she leapt with as much force as possible, slipping and just barely grabbing hold of a crevice in the stone in time. The bottom and front of her dress as well as her hair were now wet, the back soon soaked too, as another wave of water hit the stone and her as well.












Silvanus had lingered near the door silently, listening to her shouts and continuous banging on the door. When she suddenly went quiet he at first expected to hear her begin to cry as the situation completely dawned on her. Maybe even due to his promise as well. But she hadn't. Instead it remained quiet, and he realized what had happened. Unlocking and entering the room he found the window open and his new woman gone. Instead of becoming angry the man nearly laughed.

"So...You've already tried your luck at running away...Foolish girl, I will find you...And punish you for that."

It wasn't hard to find her, knowing she'd have gone into the woods as it was closest and safest. Or so she thought. And Silvanus was an excellent hunter, always the best when it came to tracking both animals and humans. They were so much like animals he thought. In many ways. He watched as Irene stopped awhile to catch her breath, then trudge on through the woods, stopping to look at the creek a moment when reaching it. Silvanus had to admit he was quite surprised when she fled up stream instead of down.

"Smart girl." He muttered, following her again.

His heart skipped a beat when he realized what she was about to do as Irene made her way to a set of boulders that lead across the treacherous water. He took back his thoughts of her being smart. This woman was stupid and suicidal! She made it across the first with ease, but wasn't quite as lucky on the next jump, nearly going under as she slipped on the slick rock. He ran out of his hiding spot to stand near the edge of the water, bellowing so she could hear him.

"Irene!!"

Her own heart stopped and she looked back to see Silvanus standing there, staring at her with wide eyes. She didn't say anything, just took her chances and somehow made it onto the third stone, looking back once more to find him following.

"Irene, come back!! What the hell do you think you are doing!!??"

"Staying away from you!!" She shouted back.

"This is suicide!! You're crazy!! Don't you dare move another step!!"

He himself nearly slipped and fell into the water as he leapt to the second stone. Irene stood and jumped to the fourth boulder too quickly. She reached out for it, her cry silenced by the churning water as she went under. Silvanus cried out in shock and jumped in after her. He came up first, unable to see her anywhere.

"Irene!!!"

She was tossing and turning under the water, feeling her back slam against a submerged boulder with great force. It kept her from being swept further down however and she finally managed to get above water, coughing and gasping for the breath she had lost. Silvanus caught sight of her and fought against the current and nearly missed grabbing hold of her sleeve, pulling her along with him as he was pulled on ahead. They both were forced back under and the man pulled the woman close to him, managing to get them both back up above water.

"Hold on!!"

And she did, clinging to his shirt tightly as he tried to fight the current once more, having eyed a low hanging branch just a few feet away. He somehow managed to grab hold, but it was broken and snapped off completely when he did so, and they were at the mercy of the water again. Irene wasn't sure when or exactly how, but she lost consciousness. As did Silvanus, when his head bashed against another stone, blood mixing with the water from the gash on his head as his world went black.

When he finally came too it was to find night had fallen completely, and that he had washed up on shore a good distance from the dock and fishing boats. With a cough and loud moan he lifted his aching body up and saw Irene had washed ashore as well a few feet to his right. She was on her stomach and head facing away, clearly still unconscious and he couldn't tell if she was breathing due to the lack of light. He quickly crawled over and rolled her onto her back, brushing the wet hair stuck to her face, wiping some of the mid away as well.

"Irene?" He tapped her cheek hard a few times. When he checked for a pulse and found none he began the trick his father had taught him, by using chest compressions to try and get her to cough the water up. It wasn't working. "Irene!" He gave her mouth to mouth. "Don't you die on me, you stupid girl!"

He repeated the actions twice more, with no effect. He was just about to try again when she suddenly began spitting up the river water and coughing madly, back arching upwards as she flew to a sitting position. He threw a hand around her mid section and caught her as she nearly collapsed towards. She was heaving now, filling her pained lungs with air. When she finally seemed to calm down, the man gently lay her down. She stared up at him without saying a word.

"Never in all my life, have I seen such a stupid woman! What in God's name were you thinking pulling a stunt like that!?"

"Silvanus." She whispered.

"What." He snapped back, though rather curiously.

Irene never finished whatever she had been about to say, falling asleep then and there. Silvanus watched her for a long time, noticing her shiver when a cold breeze blew by. He needed to get her home and changed, before she caught cold. If she hadn't already. He stood and bent to lift her into his arms, muttering a "Come on", and making the long walk back to the village.










It was late morning when she woke up, the sunlight hurting her eyes and momentarily blinding her. She shut them tight and slowly reopened them, blinking a few times in a final attempt to adjust. Silvanus was sitting beside her towards the end of the bed, hunched over with his hands clasped and watching her. Irene covered her face with her hands, having wished it was only a dream, now finding out it indeed wasn't. She had been sold to Silvanus Orpheus, and there was nothing she could do about it. He stood and came to lean over her, removing her hands and holding them by the wrists so that she couldn't hide again.

"Do you still hurt?"

"He asks like he cares." She thought.

"I asked a question. I expect an answer. Now, before I lose my temper, woman."

"I am fine." Irene made sure her response was ice cold.

"Don't you dare use that tone with me." He raised his voice. "I saved your life at the cost of my own. Show some respect. I don't normally show such mercy. If I had been thinking clearly you would be drowned, and I could simply take your father's property and life to make up for the loss."

Irene paled and he smirked, his cold eyes narrowing. "You are a very brave and spirited woman, I shall give you that. Though I am not about to forgive you for disobeying a direct order to stay put. I did warn you didn't I?"

"And I believe I dared you before coming here, to try anything you wished. I believe you will be surprised by the results it brings." Irene would never let him break her like he had other women. She refused to be weak.

"Why you little-" He hissed, but was cut off unexpectedly.

The bedroom door burst open and a woman ran in. Irene could tell by the ragged clothing she wore, that this woman was a servant of Silvanus. She appeared to be in distress as both looked to her. She was panting, and her hair disheveled, blonde strands falling about her face.

"What is it!" Silvanus demanded angrily.

"Sir! It is your brother! He is in trouble!"

Silvanus let go of Irene and stormed from the room as the server followed and continued explaining.

"He went out to hunt this morning, and a band of thieves attacked him! One of his group came back for help and I came to tell you right away!"

"Keep and eye on her." He ordered the woman.

"Of course, sir." She clasped her hands in front of her and bowed her head deeply before going into the room to see to Irene. "How do you feel, miss?"

"Fine. Leave me be."

"I can not." She felt for a fever and shook her head. "You must be more careful, miss. Those waters are dangerous. We can't have you falling ill."

"It does not matter to me if I do or not." Irene's words were traced with emotion.

"That is nonsense, miss. I will make you some breakfast. You must be starving after that whole ordeal. And master Silvanus has asked me to make you an herbal tea to keep away the cold and build up your strength."

"Master?" Irene decided now was the best time to ask, knowing the answer, but wanting confirmation from this woman. "Is it true what they say about him."

The woman have a sad smile. "Every word." She allowed a moments silence before deciding to try and give the young woman some comfort. "You know...I have lived here my entire life. A short one at that. I only just turned twenty last month...So I know much about Silvanus Orpheus. Ever since he first laid eyes on you he could not stop talking about you, miss. He was eager to learn everything he could about you. I have never seen him so interested in a lady before."

"Lady? I am no such thing." Irene smiled, but it wasn't warm. It was rather cold. "I do not care if he likes me. Silvanus is a monster. I told him so yesterday." The woman gasped and she chuckled softly. "Oh yes...He wasn't pleased. He still has plans to punish me for that, as well as last night. I dared him to. Let him try and break me. It will never work."

"Just remember that he also saved you when he could have left you for dead." The woman replied quietly.

Irene's smile faltered. "I haven't asked your name."

"Charlotte..." She brushed a strand of hair out of her face.

"I take it you know my name...Forgive me, but I have never seen you here before."

"I have never been allowed to property, unless it is to pick berries and such in the woods. Or to fetch master Silvanus if no one else is able."

"Never?"

Charlotte shook her head. "I was placed under the care of Master Silvanus when he came to live here. He forbade me from leaving ever. Unless he himself gave permission."

"He truly is a cruel man."

"I shouldn't say it, but yes, he is."

"You can speak as freely of him as you wish with me."

"Thank you, miss-"

"Call me Irene."

"Miss Irene...Thank you, but...If he ever found out..." Her last sentence was barely above a whisper.

"I understand."

That was the end of the conversation. Charlotte made breakfast for Irene, who refused to eat, but drank the tea given to her so as to keep both of them out of some trouble at least. It was quite good and she thanked the woman for it, then lay down to rest some more. Her back hurt rather badly due to being slammed against that rock. She winced as a fresh wave of pain ran up her spine while rolling into her side. Her back was to the door, so she didn't see Charlotte give her a worried glance as she left, knowing she would have to let Silvanus know when he returned.

Which is what happened not too long after. Irene glared at the wall when she heard him shouting in the other room. He still seemed to be in a terrible mood, and she didn't want to deal with it at all.

"That man is going to pay for his stupidity some day. He may be my elder brother, but he is nothing more than a child compared to me."

"You think so?" Irene rolled her eyes.

The house quieted for a moment, and then Charlotte decided to speak. "Sir?"

"What."

Irene didn't hear anything but whispering after that and worried that the woman was, for some reason, telling him what she had said before. Had he only sent his servant to spy on her? Silvanus looked up and too the door, going and staring down on Irene from where he stood beside the bed, arms crossed and frowning.

"What do you want." Irene muttered darkly.

"You're injured?"

"Who said that."

"Never mind who said it. I want to know. The truth! Are you injured?"

"No."

"Then if I were to check you myself I wouldn't find it to be a lie?"

"You have no right to touch me."

"That's where you're wrong!" He grabbed hold of her shoulder and forced the woman to roll over and face him. "You belong to me now, and you will give me the respect I deserve, as you're husband."

"We are not married."

"We go to the church to make it official in three days."
Irene sat up fast, wincing as she did. Silvanus moved her hair to rest over her shoulder and loosen the ties of her nightgown. Her back was badly bruised. She had lied to his face. The woman had some nerve doing that. In one swift movement he had hold of her hair, yanking back hard which caused her to let out a small grunt of pain. He glared down at her murderously.

"You lied to me."

"I can handle the pain."

He let go and she leaned back against the headboard. They stared each other down for a long time, until finally Silvanus could no longer help but laugh.

"You act big and tough, unlike any woman I have ever met. We shall put that to the test soon enough, and find out just how true it is." He turned to leave, calling to Charlotte as he did. "Bring her the clothes I brought and have her dressed before I return."

"Yes, sir."

It was a simple dress rather similar to her nightgown, but a very bright blue color, with a white wrap around apron for her waist. She eyed it rather questionably.

"He could find nothing else yet I am sure. And it will be much more comfortable to wear while your body heals." Charlotte hugged herself now. "I hope you can forgive me for telling Master Silvanus. I was worried."

"Does he make you call him that?" Irene ignored the apology. She knew she had only been doing what she thought was right, but right now she didn't feel very forgiving thanks to Silvanus.

"Yes, Miss Irene."

"Do me a favor. Simply call him Silvanus in my presence. You can use his last name as well if it makes you feel better, but I don't want to hear him called master." She thought she might puke merely from the thought of it.

"B-b-but...If he ever-"

"He won't know." Irene assured while slipping out of her nightgown. "Shut the door please."

Charlotte did so, taking the clean gown from the bed and helping Irene into it. She tied up the back while her new mistress worked on the apron. They gave each other gentle smiles once done. Charlotte took away the nightgown, probably to wash it the younger woman thought. She now wondered what she should do. Silvanus hadn't told her to stay here, but would he be angry if she went out anyway? That was a definite, as he might assume she was running off again. She should. Irene had no reason to stay.

She entered the next room, which served as both dining and kitchen. There was a knife on a wooden cutting board laden with chopped vegetables, and a pot simmering on the stove. The soup cooking smelled delicious. Irene almost wished she would have the chance to try it, but that simply wouldn't happen.


















Charlotte was outside, searching and calling for Irene a couple hours later, wandering where she could have gone. Silvanus was walking back towards the house, followed by another young man, and immediately knew what was going on. The woman looked to him and went completely white in the face. He would deal with her later.

"How long ago did last you see her." Silvanus demanded.

"After I helped her to change. I went to gather some more vegetables for the stew, and when I came back, she was gone."

"Alright." He stalked off behind the house, wondering where she might try to go this time. "You are trying my patience, woman. Mark my words you shall pay for this time. I promise."

His thoughts were cut off when he saw her walking along just inside the edge of the woods. The woman simply appeared to be exploring, not trying to run away. This confused Silvanus as he marched up to spin her around and face him. Irene just stared calmly back, despite the angry expression he wore.

"What are you doing out here?"

"You never said I had to stay inside."

"That would be common knowledge if you had any smarts. After last night I am quite surprised you have not fallen ill."

"Would you do me a favor..."

"I beg your pardon?" Silvanus was taken aback. "I believe you owe me a favor."

"It would be a favor to the both of us." Irene told him. "So will you?"

"It depends... What is it that you want?" The man rose an eyebrow.

"Walk with me?"

"That is all?" Silvanus was highly confused.

"Yes." Irene assured him. "That is all."

"That-" Cutting himself off with a shake of his head, Silvanus went to take hold of her hand and lead her along. "Never mind. Come on then."

Irene kept her eyes on him nearly the entire time they walked. She clenched her free hand tighter, stopping when she realized they had gone far enough from the town. Silvanus stopped as well, watching her carefully. Her behavior was odd. This woman had loathed him before, and now she asked to walk with him? What game was she playing?

"How is your brother?"

"All too well." Silvanus snarled at the thought. "He will never learn."

"And you?"

Silvanus looked back to her. "What?"

"You fell into the water too, or have you forgotten." There was the attitude.

"It was nothing I can't handle. Let me tell you something though." He quickly backed her up against the nearest tree, placing a hand on either side of her to block any means of escape. "If you think this new kindness will save you from my wrath, you are greatly mistaken. I do not forgive."

"I would never dream of pulling such a thing. Did I not dare you to try and break me?"

Silvanus narrowed his eyes. "Then what is this?"

"Allow me to show you." Irene pointed behind him to a group of closely growing trees. "Look there."

Silvanus turned and saw nothing, still curious, as it seemed Irene saw something over there. But what? He stepped away and began to walk towards the area slowly. Irene was the one to narrow her eyes now, loosening her fist and quickly walking up behind him. The man let out a stuffed grunt as he straightened up, a look of immense pain on his face. He staggered forward and hunched over while trying to pull out the knife Irene had implanted near his right shoulder blade. Now on his knees, knife still in place, he slowly turned his head to look at her in shock. She held her deadly gaze down on him.

"You are not as smart as I thought." She now bent down on one knee, using her hands to keep her upright as she stared him in the eyes, mere inches from his face. A sinister smile appeared on her own and she continued speaking. "Finally, the beast is brought down. Slain by a woman, as he has done to countless others. Did you think that I would allow you to make me your next victim?"

"You wench!" Silvanus spat, shuddering as it caused multiple fresh pangs of pian to shoot through his body. "I will kill you for this."

"How? You yourself will be dead. And I shall be long gone from here by the time anyone finds your body. I do wonder..." Irene stood again. "Will they even come to look for you?"

Suddenly something hit the back of her neck hard and the woman blacked out, falling to the ground with a thud. Silvanus rose his head to find it had been his brother. He hadn't heard, or seen him approaching.

"Consider the favor returned." Was all he said before pulling the knife out quickly from the younger man, tossing it aside then throwing the unconscious woman over his shoulder. "Can you walk?"

"Of course. It is only a stab wound. I will live."

Irene didn't know what had happened when she came to, finding herself hanging with bound hands from the ceiling of a dimly lit room, feet barely touching the ground beneath her. She looked up to the ropes digging into her wrists, and found they had already drawn some blood. How long had she been here? Where was here? A low and deadly laugh came from the darkness in front of her. Silvanus slowly emerged from it, holding the knife she had used on him in the forest. She was sure she had been about to kill him, yet here he stood, seeming as though nothing had happened. As though he had never been injured.

As he circled around the woman, dragging the tip of the blade across her lightly while doing so, she glared him down the best she could. He stopped behind her and waited to see if she would say something. When she remained silently, he spoke.

"You are far too free spirited. I believe this behavior is highly inappropriate, and that you must be taught not to defy your master." He gazed at the still blood stained knife a moment. "I thought perhaps it could wait a few days more, but apparently not."

"You are not my master." She growled.

"Oh, but you are wrong." He whispered in her ear. "And I can prove it. I do thank you for giving me the chance."

Irene was terrified, but kept her true feelings hidden, letting out an unimpressed "humph", and turning her head away defiantly with shut eyes. This only angered him more and he quickly slit the ties of her dress with the blade. Her eyes flew open then.

"What do you think you are doing!" She shouted. "How dare you!"

"Never have I met a woman so unafraid." He thought.

"You fix that right this instant, do you hear!?!"

"There it is." He smiled. Irene had no idea her composure had cracked there for a second. Silvanus had caught the hint of fear that slipped through that crack. "Let us begin the first lesson."
